[site] [website] Kueue RayCluster documentation (#1607)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run_rayclusters.md

```yaml
metadata:
  name: raycluster-sample
  namespace: default
  labels:
    kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name: local-queue
```

### b. Configure the resource needs

The resource needs of the workload can be configured in the `spec`.

```yaml
    headGroupSpec:
       spec:
        affinity: {}
        containers:
        - env: []
          image: rayproject/ray:2.7.0
          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          name: ray-head
          resources:
            limits:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: 2G
            requests:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: 2G
          securityContext: {}
          volumeMounts:
          - mountPath: /tmp/ray
            name: log-volume
    workerGroupSpecs:
      template:
        spec:
          affinity: {}
          containers:
          - env: []
          image: rayproject/ray:2.7.0
          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          name: ray-worker
          resources:
            limits:
            cpu: "1"
            memory: 1G
            requests:
            cpu: "1"
            memory: 1G
```

> 

Reviewer: Not a limitation, but please explain that a RayCluster holds quota until its deleted

Author: Done.

### c. Limitations

> - Because a Kueue workload can have a maximum of 8 PodSets, the maximum number of `spec.workerGroupSpecs` is 7.

Reviewer: I thought there were other limitations, like disabling autoscaling.

Author: Added more limitations

---
title: "Run A RayCluster"
date: 2024-01-17
weight: 6
description: >
  Run a RayCluster on Kueue.
---

This page shows how to leverage Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities when running [RayCluster](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html).

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

## Before you begin

> 1. Make sure you are using Kueue v0.6.0 version or newer and Kuberay 1.1.0 or newer.

Reviewer 2: Not sure how we care that v1.1.0 is not release yet. Probably not a big deal since v1.1.0 will be out sometime in Feb

---
title: "Run A RayCluster"
date: 2024-01-17
weight: 6
description: >
  Run a RayCluster on Kueue.
---

This page shows how to leverage Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities when running [RayCluster](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html).

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

> ## Before you begin

Reviewer 2: We should probably document the Kueue version required for this as well as the Kuberay version required (v1.1 which introduced the Suspend field in RayCluster)

          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          name: ray-head
          resources:
            limits:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: 2G
            requests:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: 2G
          securityContext: {}
          volumeMounts:
          - mountPath: /tmp/ray
            name: log-volume
    workerGroupSpecs:
      template:
        spec:
          affinity: {}
          containers:
          - env: []
          image: rayproject/ray:2.7.0
          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          name: ray-worker
          resources:
            limits:
            cpu: "1"
            memory: 1G
            requests:
            cpu: "1"
            memory: 1G
```

Note that a RayCluster will hold resource quotas while it exists. For optimal resource management, you should delete a RayCluster that is no longer in use.

### c. Limitations
- Limited Worker Groups: Because a Kueue workload can have a maximum of 8 PodSets, the maximum number of `spec.workerGroupSpecs` is 7
- In-Tree Autoscaling Disabled: Kueue manages resource allocation for the RayCluster; therefore, the cluster's internal autoscaling mechanisms need to be disabled

> ## Example RayJob

Reviewer 2: Example RayCluster

---
title: "Run A RayCluster"
date: 2024-01-17
weight: 6
description: >
  Run a RayCluster on Kueue.
---

This page shows how to leverage Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities when running [RayCluster](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html).

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

## Before you begin

1. By default, the integration for `ray.io/raycluster` is not enabled.
  Learn how to [install Kueue with a custom manager configuration](/docs/installation/#install-a-custom-configured-released-version)
  and enable the `ray.io/raycluster` integration.

2. Check [Administer cluster quotas](/docs/tasks/administer_cluster_quotas) for details on the initial Kueue setup.

3. See [KubeRay Installation](https://ray-project.github.io/kuberay/deploy/installation/) for installation and configuration details of KubeRay.

## RayCluster definition

When running [RayClusters](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html) on
Kueue, take into consideration the following aspects:

### a. Queue selection

> The target [local queue](/docs/concepts/local_queue) should be specified in the `metadata.labels` section of the RayJob configuration.

Reviewer 3: How do we specify `metadata.labels` if we're attempting to create a Ray Job through the CLI (like mentioned below)?

Also sorry for jumping into your PR here - I saw that RayCluster support was added on Friday, so I'm trying it out.

```yaml
metadata:
  name: raycluster-sample
  namespace: default
  labels:
    kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name: local-queue
```

### b. Configure the resource needs

The resource needs of the workload can be configured in the `spec`.

```yaml
    headGroupSpec:
       spec:
        affinity: {}
        containers:
        - env: []
          image: rayproject/ray:2.7.0
          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          name: ray-head
          resources:
            limits:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: 2G
            requests:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: 2G
          securityContext: {}
          volumeMounts:
          - mountPath: /tmp/ray
            name: log-volume
    workerGroupSpecs:
      template:
        spec:
          affinity: {}
          containers:
          - env: []
          image: rayproject/ray:2.7.0
          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          name: ray-worker
          resources:
            limits:
            cpu: "1"
            memory: 1G
            requests:
            cpu: "1"
            memory: 1G
```

> Mandatory Cluster Deletion: A RayCluster will hold resource quota, so for optimal resource management Kueue requires that the RayCluster created for a RayJob is deleted after the job completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a RayCluster will hold resource quotas while it exists. For optimal resource management, you should delete a RayCluster that is no longer in use.
```

### c. Limitations
- Limited Worker Groups: Because a Kueue workload can have a maximum of 8 PodSets, the maximum number of `spec.workerGroupSpecs` is 7

> - No Integration with Existing Ray Clusters: You cannot submit a RayJob to Kueue that targets a pre-existing, independently created RayCluster

Reviewer: This is a limitation for RayJob (which is documented here: https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/run_rayjobs/#c-limitations), not a limitation for RayCluster.

Author: Ohhhh that's true, okok got cofused, thanks!

---
title: "Run A RayCluster"
date: 2024-01-17
weight: 6
description: >
  Run a RayCluster on Kueue.
---

This page shows how to leverage Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities when running [RayCluster](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html).

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

## Before you begin

Make sure you are using Kueue v0.6.0 version or newer and Kuberay 1.1.0 or newer.

> 1. By default, the integration for `ray.io/raycluster` is not enabled.

Reviewer 4: Is it really disabled by default. The `config/components/manager/controller_manager_config.yaml` has it enabled right?

Reviewer 2: I think this is true for RayJob too, we should probably update both docs as a follow-up
